{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 Normal Table;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-188051156\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat10\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-506048602\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\f0\charscalex0\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1176268772}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1176268772\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid5463165}{\info{\title JT Smith Website Revisions}{\author mary ellen farrell}{\operator mary ellen farrell}{\creatim\yr2014\mo10\dy5\hr11\min57}{\revtim\yr2014\mo10\dy5\hr13\min9}{\version1}{\edmins70}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords782}{\nofchars4461}{\nofcharsws5478}{\vern24839}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\rsidroot2062719 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid5463165\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid5463165 JT Smith Website Revisions\par \par 10.5.14\par \par \par \par Hi Jenny,\par \par The biggest changes that have been made are to the homepage. At first we were going with a non-scrolling home page. I feel like one of the problems with that approach is that potential clients visiting the site may want/need a bit more information about your company without having to click on something. I have highlighted two of the main aspects of what JT Smith can do for prospective clients on the homepage. \par \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 The fact that you provide custom software for businesses based on their own individual needs\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 And that customer service is your top priority when it comes to serving your clients.\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 \par \par Also, just under the slide banner area, a more concise description of what JT Smith does has been added (in the gray box).\par \par I felt \ldblquote Products & services\rdblquote  wasn\rquote t the right way to describe what you do. What JT Smith really does is provide solutions. Tradeshow sales solutions to be exact. This has been included in that brief company description on the homepage and the \ldblquote products & services\rdblquote  link has been changed to \ldblquote solutions\rdblquote .  \par \par I have also come to realize that another problem with the old design was the lack of visual imagery. I have created a graphic (the tablet with \ldblquote powered by JT Smith\rdblquote ) as well as an image of the two \ldblquote red vests\rdblquote . Having imagery like this on the home page helps to get your message across without slamming the viewer with lots of text. If site visitors would like to learn more, they can click a link in the navbar at the top of the site, or they are prompted to \ldblquote learn more\rdblquote  in several areas on the homepage.\par \par The internal pages have no imagery and contain only descriptive in-depth text. Imagery is not really needed at this level because if the viewer is truly interested in reading about what JT Smith can do for them, there really isn\rquote t need for supplemental pictures/graphics.\par \par \ldblquote Portfolio\rdblquote  has been changed to \ldblquote testimonials\rdblquote . This is due to lack of content on what exactly has been done differently for each individual business.  If we could give case studies for each business that we wanted to highlight, then we could have a portfolio page. \par \par The testimonial page also highlights other clients you have worked with (at the bottom of the page) so the testimonials page also serves as a client list. Your old brochure only had 4 testimonials so I just used those. Do you have other testimonials that we could use? We will also need those for the fade-in/fade-out testimonials area on the homepage. \par \par New slide graphics have also been created. One slide showcases the new mobile functionality of the site. The styling of the customer service slide and the \ldblquote 23 years\rdblquote  slide has been changed to be more consistent with the rest of the slides. A \ldblquote client\rdblquote  slide has also been created to link to the testimonials page.\par \par I have also designed a footer for the site. It contains contact information as well as social media links. This of course will require you to set up social media accounts in which you can post images from tradeshows and talk about where you are traveling and what your clients are up to. I think we discussed the benefits of doing this at our last meeting, but just in case we didn\rquote t cover everything:\par \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 Potential clients visiting your social media sites will see that you care about your existing clients by showcasing them on your social media.\line \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}Existing clients will feel more appreciated that you are talking about them on social media.\line \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}Because your competitor is already doing this, I feel like it is a necessary step to help make sure they stop taking your clients. Of course, you have much more experience than your competitors, but prospective and existing clients still need to see that you are on top of your game and getting on the social media bandwagon. \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 \par A few other minor changes have been made to the site:\par \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 The company page header that reads \ldblquote our company\rdblquote  has been changed to dark blue. This has been done for consistency across the site so that all page headers have the same styling.\line \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}The report login button has been made to look more 3D. Creating 3D buttons and pop-up windows has become a little outdated looking. The new convention has been moving toward \ldblquote flat\rdblquote  icon and button design. Because of this, I didn\rquote t go with drop shadows and highlights on the button, but have opted for a more contemporary approach using a subtle light-to-dark gradient.\line \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}The background image for the customer service section has been removed. It was distracting and I feel like removing it makes the page feel more organized and easy to read. As mentioned earlier, the homepage will contain all the nice graphics, whereas the internal pages will be more dedicated to textual content. \line \par {\listtext\pard\plain\charscalex0\insrsid5463165 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 -\tab}For the tablet graphic on the homepage, I would like to do a simple animation where the imagery within the tablet animates. This will add a little extra flare to the home page.\line \par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5463165 {\insrsid5463165 So that should cover everything. If you have any questions or comments please let me know. Everything has been done for a specific reason, but if you strongly feel that there is something that you don\rquote t like, more revisions can be made. Please remember this site has been designed with current and prospective clients in mind, so if there is something in this design you don\rquote t agree with, ask yourself if it is something that your target audience would like to see. For instance: if you want a 3D button, but someone looking at the site thinks \ldblquote that button looks like something from 2001 and not 2014\rdblquote  perhaps it is something to reconsider. That is just one example. This is your website after all, and you will have to live with it once it is completed. But it is very important we make decisions for the target audience, and not necessarily to fulfill our own aesthetic desires.\par \par The main goal of the site redesign is to update your look while providing a clear message to prospective clients, while reassuring your current clients that you are stepping up your online presence. You looking good makes them look good. I feel that this design has found solutions to all of those problems. And of course, if there is something that you feel should be added or taken out, I am completely open to suggestions. As you know that kind of input is crucial to this process because you know more about your business than I ever will.\par \par I\rquote m very excited and confident about this design, and I look forward to hearing back from you.\par \par \par Best wishes,\par -Matt Farrell\par }}